Adding Open API Postman Collection (#102)
w3c-ccg/traceability-interop: README.md

 
## [Open API Specification](https://w3c-ccg.github.io/traceability-interop/)

> The spec contains documentation on use cases as well are required and optional API operations. You can validate that the openapi spec by running `npm run validate-spec`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The spec contains documentation on use cases as well as required and optional API operations. You can validate that they conform to the OpenAPI spec by running `npm run validate-spec`.
```

## Importing the Open API Specification Into Postman

If you are using Postman, you can import all of the available API end-points into an easy to use collection by following the instructions below:

> 1. While inside a Workspace with Postman, you should see an `import` button at the top of your list of collections. Click this to begin the importing process.
> 2. After clicking `import`, a dialog will open providing you with a couple different options for importing the collection. The easiest option is to import using a `Link`. To do this, simply add this URL into the input and click `Import`: `https://w3c-ccg.github.io/traceability-interop/openapi/openapi.json`. If you do not want to use this method, you can also use the `Raw text` option by simply copying the json at `https://w3c-ccg.github.io/traceability-interop/openapi/openapi.json` and pasting it inside the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. While inside a Postman Workspace, you should see an **import** button at the top of your list of collections. Click this to begin the importing process.
2. After clicking **import**, a dialog will open providing you with a couple of options for importing the collection. The easiest is to import using a **Link**. To do this, simply paste the following URL into the input box, and click **Import**: `https://w3c-ccg.github.io/traceability-interop/openapi/openapi.json`. Alternatively, you can use the **Raw text** option by copying the JSON found at `https://w3c-ccg.github.io/traceability-interop/openapi/openapi.json`, and pasting it into the input box.
```
